Fix `frontend-core.init` (#139)
tarantool/frontend-core: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](http://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/)
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## [Unreleased]

```

Author: Done

> - Fixed `frontend-core.init`
>   - Cleanup `index_body` cache in case of re-init
>   - Add additional validation
>   - Prettified error messages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Invalidate `index_body` cache in case of re-init.
- Make error messages more clear.
- Enhance options validation.
```
